Case Study: Octomind (#9548)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/customers/octomind.md

---
title: 'How Octomind’s marketing team uses PostHog with ease'
customer: Octomind
logo: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/octomind_logo_673e0ed777.png
logoDark: >-
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/octomind_logo_dark_a89deeee90.png
featuredImage: >-

>   https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/adauris_62af5ac994.png

Author: ```suggestion
  https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/image/upload/posthog_octomind_bb047603a6.jpg
```

featuredCustomer: false
industries:
  - 'Devtool, SaaS'
users:
  - Marketing
toolsUsed:
  - Experiments
  - Surveys
  - PostHog Cloud
  - Insights
  - Web analytics
  - Product analytics
date: 2024-11-10
---

Popular with fast-moving builders on [ProductHunt](https://www.producthunt.com/products/octomind), [Octomind](https://www.octomind.dev/) is an AI-powered end-to-end testing tool for developers. Unsurprisingly for a DevTool company, the team is engineer-led — to the point that even Maria Zahorcova, Octomind's Chief Marketing Officer, has a strong grasp of developer tools like Git. When it came to choosing an analytics tool, however, she was starting from scratch.

> “I’m far from an engineer myself, though I’ve always been on the technical side,” says Maria. “I’m also the only marketer at Octomind and I’m very new to analytics. Like a lot of startup marketers I’d only really used Google Analytics before.”

Reviewer: I'd reformulate this. I used tons of analytics and other tools before I started to work for startups. 

I'm the only marketer at Octomind. I used Google Analytics in startups I worked before.

Author: ```suggestion
“I’m far from an engineer myself, though I’ve always been on the technical side,” says Maria. “I’m also the only marketer at Octomind. Like a lot of startup marketers I’d used Google Analytics in other teams before.”
```

Following the initial implementation, Maria enabled autocapture to get data flowing into PostHog straight away, and got started with [web analytics](/web-analytics) and [pre-built dashboard templates](/templates). These enabled her to track the high-level data immediately, and as she’s become more familiar with the data she’s started building her own insights too. 

<BorderWrapper>
<Quote
    imageSource="/images/customers/maria_octomind.jpg"
    size="md"
    name="Maria Zahorcova"
    title="Chief Marketing Officer, Octomind"
    quote={`“PostHog helped us understand our users and that we have a lot more global impact than we thought. We have a lot more users in the US than we expected, for example. This is something every marketer needs to understand: who are your users and where are they coming from?”`}
/>
</BorderWrapper>

“Analysis is always kind of funky because marketing data is so volatile,” says Maria. “Our content has gone viral a few times and that puts all sorts of peaks and dips onto the charts. When I don’t need to make adjustments I can just use web analytics, but other times I need to change the data and filter stuff out — it’s all easily done though.”

> In addition to setting up these initial dashboards and insights, Maria also integrated PostHog with Hubspot so data could flow seamlessly between the two platforms. No middleware or Zapier processes required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to setting up these initial dashboards and insights, Maria also integrated PostHog with Hubspot so data could flow seamlessly between the two platforms.  
```

Reviewer: We do have to use zapier. The integration doesn't work for us.
